docs: DOC-1076: Add guidance for accessing Java inner classes in Groovy and Python (#7964)
deephaven/deephaven-core: docs/groovy/how-to-guides/java-classes.md

sourceMeta = source.meta()
```

## Nested (inner) classes

> Java allows classes to be defined inside other classes. In Groovy, you access these nested (inner) classes using dot notation — `OuterClass.InnerClass` — which is standard Java syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java allows users to define classes inside other classes. In Groovy, you access these nested (inner) classes using dot notation — `OuterClass.InnerClass` — which is standard Java syntax.
```
